Inverse (#62)
OMS-NetZero/FAIR: CHANGELOG.rst

master
------

> (`#62 <https://github.com/OMS-NetZero/FAIR/pull/62>`_) Invert carbon cycle to diagnose emissions from concentrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`#62 <https://github.com/OMS-NetZero/FAIR/pull/62>`_) Add inverse carbon cycle to diagnose emissions from concentrations
```
